now when the people complained it
now when the people complained it displeased the Lord for the Lord heard
displeased the Lord for the Lord heard
displeased the Lord for the Lord heard it and his anger was aroused so the fire
it and his anger was aroused so the fire
it and his anger was aroused so the fire of the Lord
of the Lord
of the Lord burned among them and consumed son in
burned among them and consumed son in
burned among them and consumed son in the outskirts of the camp
the outskirts of the camp
the outskirts of the camp when the people cried out to Moses and
when the people cried out to Moses and
when the people cried out to Moses and when Moses prayed to the Lord the fire
when Moses prayed to the Lord the fire
when Moses prayed to the Lord the fire was quenched so he called the name of
was quenched so he called the name of
was quenched so he called the name of the place tabara because the fire of the
the place tabara because the fire of the
the place tabara because the fire of the Lord had burned among them now the mixed
Lord had burned among them now the mixed
Lord had burned among them now the mixed multitude who were among them yielded to
multitude who were among them yielded to
multitude who were among them yielded to intense craving so the children of
intense craving so the children of
intense craving so the children of israel also wept again and said who will
israel also wept again and said who will
israel also wept again and said who will give us meat to eat
give us meat to eat
give us meat to eat we remember the fish which we ate freely
we remember the fish which we ate freely
we remember the fish which we ate freely in Egypt the cucumber's the melons the
in Egypt the cucumber's the melons the
in Egypt the cucumber's the melons the leeks the onions and the garlic but now
leeks the onions and the garlic but now
leeks the onions and the garlic but now our whole being is dried up there is
our whole being is dried up there is
our whole being is dried up there is nothing at all except this manna before
nothing at all except this manna before
nothing at all except this manna before our eyes now the manna was like
our eyes now the manna was like
our eyes now the manna was like coriander seed and its color like the
coriander seed and its color like the
coriander seed and its color like the color of Dehlia the people went about
color of Dehlia the people went about
color of Dehlia the people went about and gathered it grounded on mill stones
and gathered it grounded on mill stones
and gathered it grounded on mill stones or beated in the mortar cooked it in
or beated in the mortar cooked it in
or beated in the mortar cooked it in pans and made cakes of it and its taste
pans and made cakes of it and its taste
pans and made cakes of it and its taste was like the taste of pastry prepared
was like the taste of pastry prepared
was like the taste of pastry prepared with oil and when the dew fell on the
with oil and when the dew fell on the
with oil and when the dew fell on the camp in the night the manna fell on it
camp in the night the manna fell on it
camp in the night the manna fell on it then Moses heard the people weeping
then Moses heard the people weeping
then Moses heard the people weeping throughout their families everyone at
throughout their families everyone at
throughout their families everyone at the door of his tent and the anger of
the door of his tent and the anger of
the door of his tent and the anger of the Lord was greatly aroused Moses also
the Lord was greatly aroused Moses also
the Lord was greatly aroused Moses also was displeased
was displeased
was displeased so Moses said to the Lord why have you a
so Moses said to the Lord why have you a
so Moses said to the Lord why have you a did your servant and why have I not
did your servant and why have I not
did your servant and why have I not found favor in your sight that you have
found favor in your sight that you have
found favor in your sight that you have laid the burden of all these people on
laid the burden of all these people on
laid the burden of all these people on me did I conceive all these people did I
me did I conceive all these people did I
me did I conceive all these people did I beget them that you should say to me
beget them that you should say to me
beget them that you should say to me carry them in your bosom as a guardian
carry them in your bosom as a guardian
carry them in your bosom as a guardian carries a nursing child to the land
carries a nursing child to the land
carries a nursing child to the land which you swore to their fathers where
which you swore to their fathers where
which you swore to their fathers where am I to get neat to give all these
am I to get neat to give all these
am I to get neat to give all these people for they weep all over me saying
people for they weep all over me saying
people for they weep all over me saying give us meat that we may eat I am NOT
give us meat that we may eat I am NOT
give us meat that we may eat I am NOT able to bear all these people alone
able to bear all these people alone
able to bear all these people alone because the burden is too heavy for me
because the burden is too heavy for me
because the burden is too heavy for me if you treat me like this please
if you treat me like this please
if you treat me like this please kill me here and now if I have found
kill me here and now if I have found
kill me here and now if I have found favor in your sight and do not let me
favor in your sight and do not let me
favor in your sight and do not let me see my wretchedness so the Lord said to
see my wretchedness so the Lord said to
see my wretchedness so the Lord said to Moses gather to me seventy men of the
Moses gather to me seventy men of the
Moses gather to me seventy men of the elders of Israel whom you know to be the
elders of Israel whom you know to be the
elders of Israel whom you know to be the elders of the people and officers over
elders of the people and officers over
elders of the people and officers over them bring them to the tabernacle of
them bring them to the tabernacle of
them bring them to the tabernacle of meeting that they may stand there with
meeting that they may stand there with
meeting that they may stand there with you then I will come down and talk with
you then I will come down and talk with
you then I will come down and talk with you there
you there
you there I will take of the spirit that is upon
I will take of the spirit that is upon
I will take of the spirit that is upon you and will put the same upon them and
you and will put the same upon them and
you and will put the same upon them and they shall bear the burden of the people
they shall bear the burden of the people
they shall bear the burden of the people with you that you may not bear it
with you that you may not bear it
with you that you may not bear it yourself alone then you shall say to the
yourself alone then you shall say to the
yourself alone then you shall say to the people consecrate yourselves for
people consecrate yourselves for
people consecrate yourselves for tomorrow and you shall eat meat for you
tomorrow and you shall eat meat for you
tomorrow and you shall eat meat for you have wept in the hearing of the Lord
have wept in the hearing of the Lord
have wept in the hearing of the Lord saying who will give us meat to eat for
saying who will give us meat to eat for
saying who will give us meat to eat for it was well with us in Egypt therefore
it was well with us in Egypt therefore
it was well with us in Egypt therefore the Lord will give you meat and you
the Lord will give you meat and you
the Lord will give you meat and you shall eat you shall eat not one day in
shall eat you shall eat not one day in
shall eat you shall eat not one day in or two days nor five days nor ten days
or two days nor five days nor ten days
or two days nor five days nor ten days nor twenty days but for a whole month
nor twenty days but for a whole month
nor twenty days but for a whole month until it comes out of your nostrils and
until it comes out of your nostrils and
until it comes out of your nostrils and becomes loathsome to you because you
becomes loathsome to you because you
becomes loathsome to you because you have despised the Lord who is among you
have despised the Lord who is among you
have despised the Lord who is among you and have wept before him saying why did
and have wept before him saying why did
and have wept before him saying why did we ever come up out of Egypt the people
we ever come up out of Egypt the people
we ever come up out of Egypt the people who I am among our 600,000 men on foot
who I am among our 600,000 men on foot
who I am among our 600,000 men on foot yet you have said I will give them meat
yet you have said I will give them meat
yet you have said I will give them meat that they may eat for a whole month
that they may eat for a whole month
that they may eat for a whole month shall flocks and herds be slaughtered
shall flocks and herds be slaughtered
shall flocks and herds be slaughtered for them to provide enough for them or
for them to provide enough for them or
for them to provide enough for them or shall all the fish of the sea be
shall all the fish of the sea be
shall all the fish of the sea be gathered together for them to provide
gathered together for them to provide
gathered together for them to provide enough for them as the Lord's arm been
enough for them as the Lord's arm been
enough for them as the Lord's arm been shortened now you shall see whether what
shortened now you shall see whether what
shortened now you shall see whether what I say will happen to you or not
I say will happen to you or not
I say will happen to you or not so Moses went out and told the people
so Moses went out and told the people
so Moses went out and told the people the words of the Lord and he gathered
the words of the Lord and he gathered
the words of the Lord and he gathered for seventy men of the elders of
for seventy men of the elders of
for seventy men of the elders of and place them around the Taverner the
and place them around the Taverner the
and place them around the Taverner the Lord came down in the clan and spooked
Lord came down in the clan and spooked
Lord came down in the clan and spooked him and took off the spirit that was
him and took off the spirit that was
him and took off the spirit that was upon him and placed the same upon the
upon him and placed the same upon the
upon him and placed the same upon the seventy elders and it happened when the
seventy elders and it happened when the
seventy elders and it happened when the spirit rested upon them that they
spirit rested upon them that they
spirit rested upon them that they prophesied although they never did so
prophesied although they never did so
prophesied although they never did so again but two men had remained in the
again but two men had remained in the
again but two men had remained in the camp the name of one was Eldad and the
camp the name of one was Eldad and the
camp the name of one was Eldad and the name of the other me dead and the spirit
name of the other me dead and the spirit
name of the other me dead and the spirit rested upon
rested upon
rested upon now they were among those listed but who
now they were among those listed but who
now they were among those listed but who had not gone out to the tabernacle yet
had not gone out to the tabernacle yet
had not gone out to the tabernacle yet they prophesied in the camp and a young
they prophesied in the camp and a young
they prophesied in the camp and a young man ran and told Moses Eldad and Medad
man ran and told Moses Eldad and Medad
man ran and told Moses Eldad and Medad are prophesying in the camp sir Joshua
are prophesying in the camp sir Joshua
are prophesying in the camp sir Joshua the son of nun Moses assistant one of
the son of nun Moses assistant one of
the son of nun Moses assistant one of his choice men on sent Moses my lord
his choice men on sent Moses my lord
his choice men on sent Moses my lord forbid them and Moses said to him our
forbid them and Moses said to him our
forbid them and Moses said to him our new zealous for my sake know that all
new zealous for my sake know that all
new zealous for my sake know that all the Lord's people were prophets and that
the Lord's people were prophets and that
the Lord's people were prophets and that the Lord will put his spirit upon them
the Lord will put his spirit upon them
the Lord will put his spirit upon them and Moses returned to the camp but he
and Moses returned to the camp but he
and Moses returned to the camp but he and the elders of Israel
and the elders of Israel
and the elders of Israel [Music]
our wind went out from the Lord and it
our wind went out from the Lord and it will clear from the seal and left them
will clear from the seal and left them
will clear from the seal and left them fluttering near the cabin about a day's
fluttering near the cabin about a day's
fluttering near the cabin about a day's journey on this side and about a day's
journey on this side and about a day's
journey on this side and about a day's journey on the other side all around the
journey on the other side all around the
journey on the other side all around the camp and about two cubits above the
camp and about two cubits above the
camp and about two cubits above the surface of the ground and the people
surface of the ground and the people
surface of the ground and the people stayed up all that day all night and all
stayed up all that day all night and all
stayed up all that day all night and all the next day and gathered the clay he
the next day and gathered the clay he
the next day and gathered the clay he who gathered least gathered ten homeless
who gathered least gathered ten homeless
who gathered least gathered ten homeless and they spread them out for themselves
and they spread them out for themselves
and they spread them out for themselves all around the camp but while the meat
all around the camp but while the meat
all around the camp but while the meat was still between their teeth before it
was still between their teeth before it
was still between their teeth before it is chewed a ruff of the Lord was aroused
is chewed a ruff of the Lord was aroused
is chewed a ruff of the Lord was aroused against the people and the Lord struck
against the people and the Lord struck
against the people and the Lord struck the people with a very great play
the people with a very great play
the people with a very great play so he called the name of that place key
so he called the name of that place key
so he called the name of that place key broth pate ever because there they
broth pate ever because there they
broth pate ever because there they buried the people who had yielded to
buried the people who had yielded to
buried the people who had yielded to craving from key broth Hattie over the
craving from key broth Hattie over the
craving from key broth Hattie over the people moved to her 0th and camped at
people moved to her 0th and camped at
people moved to her 0th and camped at her 0th